Update CL functions docs: removal of inline secrets (#1229)
smartcontractkit/documentation: src/pages/chainlink-functions/tutorials/api-multiple-calls.mdx

   ```

1. Get a free API key from [CoinMarketCap](https://coinmarketcap.com/api/).
1. Run `npx env-enc` to add an encrypted `COINMARKETCAP_API_KEY` to your `.env.enc` file.

   ```shell
   npx env-enc set COINMARKETCAP_API_KEY "YOUR_COINMARKETCAP_API_KEY"
   ```

> 1. The starter kit will store the encrypted secrets as [gists](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/editing-and-sharing-content-with-gists/creating-gists) to share them off-chain with the Decentralized Oracle Network. To allow the starter kit to write gists on your behalf, create a [github fine-grained personal access token](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token#creating-a-fine-grained-personal-access-token).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The starter kit stores encrypted secrets as [gists](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/editing-and-sharing-content-with-gists/creating-gists) to share them off-chain with the Decentralized Oracle Network. To allow the starter kit to write gists on your behalf, create a [github fine-grained personal access token](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token#creating-a-fine-grained-personal-access-token).
```
